So in this module you learned how to setup redux.
And as I mentioned at the beginning it's not a redux from the ground up module.
I expect that you do have some general knowledge of redux and this was more of a refresher but you'll
learn how to implement redux in a React Native application as you'll see it's not too difficult especially
when working with hooks and you also learned how you for example can then use redux data also in your
navigation options with this set parents trick which isn't really a trick but really the way to do it.
And in general you'll learned how to wire up your application to the central store how to dispatch actions
how to add a reducer and how to add logic to it so that when we change something in one part of the
app it can also be used and reflect it in a different part.
And that's what this global stage management with solutions like redux is all about.
Now even if you would to use a different approach than redux if you would build some state management
solution with react hoax only which is a bit more advanced the general way of reasoning about this would
be the same the way you pass data between your component and the navigation options would be the same.
So that's something which you'll need in basically any bigger app you'll build.
And it's also something we'll continue using throughout this course we'll also need state management
there in our apps and hence this hopefully is helpful to you.
And with that we're well-prepared to move on and continue building apps.